hi nice to meet you my name is Olga I am
a student at Utah Valley University I
study web design and app development
with emphasis interaction design as well
as I have a minor in event planning uh
originally from Ukraine I moved to
United States about 8 years ago and I
call UT my second home now I absolutely
love UVU and it's involvement I'm
currently involved as a foundation
Ambassador here in school and it has
been an amazing
experience I'm really excited to be
graduating next year I have two more
semesters to go after spring 2025 so I'm
really excited about that um I would say
that my favorite part about being a
student here is
is how involved I can get and all the
opportunities that UVU creates for those
who want those opportunities so thank
you bye